---
description: A guide to all of the terms we use internally.
cover: >-
  https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1507842217343-583bb7270b66?crop=entropy&cs=tinysrgb&fm=jpg&ixid=MnwxOTcwMjR8MHwxfHNlYXJjaHw5fHxib29rfGVufDB8fHx8MTY1NTA0MjIzMA&ixlib=rb-1.2.1&q=80
coverY: 0
---

# 🅰 Glossary

<table><thead><tr><th></th><th width="350.3333333333333"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>LFE</td><td>looking for engineer</td></tr><tr><td>LFD</td><td>looking for designer</td></tr><tr><td>LFR</td><td>looking for review</td></tr><tr><td>SIU</td><td>Super Important and Urgent. Use very carefully. (When typing you need to shout a <a href="https://www.youtube.com/shorts/oKFHo__DSDA">SIUUUU</a>)</td></tr><tr><td>Destination calendar</td><td>The calendar that events are created on</td></tr><tr><td>Monorepo</td><td>Multiple projects (e.g. app, docs and API) all in one GitHub repository</td></tr><tr><td>Commit</td><td>Addition to the code</td></tr><tr><td>Pull request (PR)</td><td>The way in which code is reviewed and then added to the codebase. A PR is made of commits</td></tr><tr><td>Merge</td><td>If a PR is good, it is merged, which accepts the changes and ‘merges’ them into the codebase</td></tr><tr><td>i18n</td><td>Internationalization (translating text)</td></tr><tr><td>a11y</td><td>Accessibility</td></tr><tr><td>CTR</td><td>Click-Through Rate</td></tr><tr><td>UI</td><td>User Interface</td></tr><tr><td>UX</td><td>User Experience</td></tr><tr><td>Event types</td><td>Different events that you offer on your booking link. For instance, hiring (30 mins) and performance review (60 mins) are both examples of event types.</td></tr><tr><td>Opt-in booking</td><td>An event type where you must accept/deny the booking before it’s created</td></tr><tr><td>Slots</td><td>Time slots that are offered on your booking page that are determined to be free</td></tr><tr><td>RFC</td><td>Request for comments. Essentially a proposal, where we’re looping in the team to get their thoughts</td></tr><tr><td>Round robin</td><td>Schedules each person in the team. If a team is made up of persons A, B and C, the first booking goes to person A, second goes to B, third to C etc.</td></tr><tr><td>CalDAV</td><td>An open standard for calendars. Essentially a ton of different calendar providers (e.g. Yandex, NextCloud) all support CalDAV, which allows you to connect those providers to Cal.com</td></tr><tr><td>Kangaroo</td><td>A tall animal that hops around</td></tr><tr><td>Webhooks</td><td>A way for <a href="http://cal.com/">Cal.com</a> to send data to an external server when something happens (e.g. booking created)</td></tr><tr><td>SAML SSO</td><td>A way for enterprises to let everyone in their company log in to any application, including Cal.com</td></tr><tr><td>Vercel</td><td>The platform that builds our code and publishes it to the live site</td></tr><tr><td>e2e</td><td>End to end testing. Essentially a robot that checks if our application is working each time we push code</td></tr><tr><td>Linting</td><td>A way to make code look nice and neat</td></tr><tr><td>.env</td><td>A file where you configure settings for Cal.com, like your database and email servers</td></tr><tr><td>WEBAPP_URL</td><td>The setting that tells <a href="http://cal.com/">Cal.com</a> which URL it’s hosted on</td></tr><tr><td>TypeScript</td><td>An extension of the language JavaScript, which can do things like check if values are the correct type</td></tr><tr><td>API</td><td>A way to get data and perform actions on the <a href="http://cal.com/">Cal.com</a> service using code</td></tr><tr><td>NPM package</td><td>Dependencies (things your app uses) can be packaged into NPM packages, which are bundles of code that you can use in other applications</td></tr><tr><td>Metadata</td><td>Data that is in a computer readable format, like JSON, which looks like {”make”: “Volvo”, “model”: “V40”}</td></tr></tbody></table>

